Terms and conditions-:
1. Check in at <time> and check out at 12:00PM in case of arriving before this
time, check in will upon hotel availability.
2. In case of delaying checkout until 17:00PM an additional full night will be
added.
3. The guest acknowledges that the rental value for the duration of his stay is
paid in advance in case of the guests request to extend the length of the stay he
shall pay the rent in advance consider the extension is upon the possibility of the
hotel and acceding to the price specified the extension period.
4. The guest acknowledges his commitment to the maintenance of furniture and
furnishings and all the contents of the room and undertakes to pay the value of
any damage caused by the room before leaving the hotel.
5. Any claim from the guest shall be dropped on the hotel management after
receiving the key and inspecting the room.
6. The guest has acknowledged his commitment to use the deposit box in the
room and the hotel management is not responsible for the loss of any cash money
or gold jewelry or any valuable objects and drops any claim contrary to that.
7. In case that the guest places a no-disturbance sign, the hotel will not provide
any services to the guest in the room. Therefore, the guest is not entitled to
complain not providing these services.
8. The guest acknowledges that smoking is not allowed in the rooms. In case of
violation, the guest will be charged SR 400. This is considered an agreed
compensation and an executive bond agreed between the parties.
9. The guest is obliged to leave the hotel immediately after the expiry of his stay
and undertakes not to leave any personal contents in the room and to drop any
allegation contrary to this and without any responsibility towards the hotel
management.
10. The guest is not entitled to break the contract after signing it and taking the
room keys, and if the hotel management agreed on breaking the contract, the
guest will be obliged to pay a one-night stay
11. The guest acknowledges the hotel`s right to open the door with the guests’
belongings in the room and the room will be used afterwards by different guests
without having to get back to the former guest
12. I acknowledge that all the validity of the information entered and my
commitment to all terms and conditions. In the event of violation of this the hotel